The purpose of Hundred Doors Club Dance is to learn and communicate
So just click on it.
If anyone dares to hurt someone
Not only is the competition disqualified
We will hold them accountable later.
You can know
So the competition begins
The former deputy sect master of your omen sect
Why do you hate the mayor so much?
If you ask others about this, they may not know.
But you're asking the right person
What do you mean?
I thought the former deputy sect master was my master
Then can you tell me why?
30 years ago, my teacher participated in the Baiwen Club for the first time
At that time, Elder Xu was wonderful and hated his teacher
Fall in love for a while
It's just that falling flowers are intentional and flowing water is ruthless
The accident was like this
Therefore, the senior brother will not be rude in the future.
Because home has told me
When I meet the original disciple, I will fight to the death
I see
Then I'm relieved.
Brother, what do you mean?
I mean you ASAP
Don't waste my time.
Good brother, I will solve you ASAP.